How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff helps since it reduces the scope of my search for differences,
	by a lot.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It will reduce the time I have to spend searching for bugs when I test out
	different alterations/tweaks to the code and its functionality.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    It makes each commit more relevant, since it will be a runnable version of
	the code which makes some logical change, but it also runs the risk of user
	error if the user forgets to make a commit after changing something, and it
	makes the commit process subjective.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    For something like Google Docs it's often a reasonable assumption that
	different docs contain unlinked information; however, files in programming
	projects often contain interlinked files all carrying out tasks for the same
	common purpose (i.e. the program), so often one logical change to that
	overall purpose/program requires changes to multiple files in the project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log lists for you the history of commits for whichever Git project you're
	in, and git diff allows you to choose two of those commits and compare the
	differences between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Since it's so easy to revert to a previous version, you don't have to worry
	about losing much time if your changes break something and you want to go
	back.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    My next big programming project